[Applause]
I'm doing fantastic
iLike this suit it's a good look thank
you very much looks are picked up a
little something right did you dress up
for Halloween I did not dress about
Halloween I dress up everyday so I took
it I like that my kids my youngest was a
Power Ranger okay as evidently they're
still around yeah and then we'll go away
won't go away my oldest was some kind of
harbinger of death he's house Slytherin
so that's kind of like his face oh he
likes the bad guy he loves the bank
arresting yeah yeah and that interesting
when a kid takes a liking to the bat it
is interesting like he sees Draco Malfoy
and he's like I understand him he's just
misunderstood does he do that with
superheroes too does he like the
villains or you know he likes okay
his favorite superhero is actually Peter
Parker spider-man okay well I would say
between Peter Parker and Miles Morales
cuz both of those movies were friggin
nice and infinity Wars I'm not this is
not a spoiler you guys have seen
infinity Wars when Peter Parker goes
away yeah I had to pick him up and put
him on my lap because he was convulsing
oh wow and then an in-game when Peter
Parker came back
[Laughter]
and Martin Scorsese says those movies
don't mean anything when you are out in
public trick-or-treating with your
children or whatever do people recognize
you more from this is us or from the og
miniseries or you know it's interesting
sometimes I fool myself into thinking
I'm still kind of incog-negro and then
quickly I'm reminded like oh no people
so you happen to be like in West
Hollywood of Beverly Hills it's some
sort of upscale eatery that's usually
gonna be like The O'Jays fans and
whatnot although they're there all over
this is us can be you be at the Von's
here at the CVS like getting something
and people just want to hug I feel like
you were so good in that in og
miniseries as Christopher Darden I've
almost forgotten like what Christopher
who Christopher Darden is and you've
replaced him like you swallowed him up
in a way does he have you ever met him
of you did you talk to him so I reached
out during filming and I tried to like
Facebook friend him oh really like hi my
name is sterling K Brown I've been
tasked with portraying you or the new
miniseries I didn't hear anything at all
and so during the whole time shooting
never heard anything and I met him
briefly just within this past year I'm
at an event that my wife Coast's that he
was very kind very shy very quiet and we
didn't say too much and that was the
extent of our interaction were you
disappointed that he didn't say much you
know it was interesting like I think
everything happens exactly the way that
it's supposed to because if we had met
and we just didn't get along at all then
I was like oh now I have to play you
that's kind of awkward yeah
etc no I'm not disappointed good you've
been an actor for quite some time before
people started to know your name and
your faith and all that like incog-negro
you are you did a play what year was the
play you did without Pacino that was
like 2002 or 2003 and it was an
unbelievable cast it had Billy Crudup
Paul Giamatti
Chad's Palme and Terry Steve Buscemi
Charles Durning oh my like and like me
well I really like yeah eight of the
greatest actors an absolutely incredible
we had two months of rehearsal for like
a four-week run I'll and I got to know
each other by playing chess together
oh really yeah he brought a chess board
he's like you play he like talks crap
why are you playing that I wouldn't do
that and I was like all right but I beat
him five times and he was three times we
had so much fun man he would tell all
these stories about old Hollywood some
pg-13 some rated-r I'll let him share
with you and he comes free yeah yeah he
had a lot of fun without a blast yeah he
is a lot of fun right he had fun he
doesn't you would never know what you
might get from he's incredibly eccentric
but owns his eccentricity like he is who
he is is not afraid to be that and he'd
be in rehearsal and he would do things
that I would classify as a young actor
as strange like no just like he do
different voices or things that just
seemed odd I was like is he gonna do it
like that like that that's not the
Pacino I know but he allows himself a
process right sometimes when you're a
young actor you want to look good all
the time right he's not afraid to look
bad knowing that he's ultimately gonna
end up in another place it was a big
learning lesson for me so in front of
the other actors he will experiment
he'll try things and then when he gets
out on stage he saves the good guy now
do you do that same thing I try to I try
to do something where I never look for
an end result you're always in a state
of rehearsal right so I'm not trying to
get to the end of anything but just play
what's authentic to the moment I see
yeah oh that's good advice for actors
right I mean for everyone else it's
completely worthless but yeah
and I'm impressed you won five out of
the eight games was he mad that the
young guy comes in and beats him here's
a little upset and I got a chance to
talk that sounds like fun
we're gonna take a break we'll come back
we'll see you clip from the new movie
it's called wage sterling K Brown we'll
be right back
window right now one go oh we can go
right now
that's what's up you think you can take
the old man's ass off that shoulder
right did you start did I start I'm just
making sure you start huh did you this
is not a movie about arm wrestling
moments in the film just a moment it's a
family drama tragedy takes place to this
African American family you see the
steps that build to that tragedy and you
see the steps that they take to try to
put their family back together your wife
in the movie is Rene Elise Goldsberry
Goldsberry
yes who most people would know from
Hamilton she was in the original
Hamilton and I'm a huge ocean great
oh you are oh wow dude when I first met
her I started playing a song from the
from the play to her and lips singing
her singing the song and how did she
react to that she loved it she loved
okay good it was it was endearing it
could have gone too far and been strange
but I kept it right on the edge like you
walk the line down the line like walking
and now and you're also speaking of
singing in a frozen to never frozen to
past memories
they threw a little color up and tearing
down your boy had to come represent
because black folks are in fairy tales -
[Applause]
I'm really excited actually haven't seen
the whole thing yet oh you haven't but
every time you go into the booth they
show you something
they show you how they animate you and
they use like parts of your face for the
character because they said like you
have a big smile sound and so then I see
how they animate my character and they
make them smile like me and I was like
oh snap really yeah I didn't know they
did that they do a lot of stuff so they
have a camera on your mouth they have a
camera on your face the whole time that
you're recording just doing the dialogue
and they use that recording to help make
the facial features for the character
Wow yeah that's crazy it's really cool
do you have to get makeup before you go
and do a voiceover no you do not no it's
just all this goes away and I assume
this is a new character added - that's
not a character we number - but he's
supposed to have been a part of this
world for a long time because he was a
lieutenant in the army of their
grandfather so he's somebody from their
past and helps them connect to things
that happen in the can you say if you
sing in the movie I cannot you cannot
I'll take they'll take my pinky toe I
see yeah that's a great car you can't
even say cause like Kristen Bell could
say yeah of course right so because he's
saying in the last right right right now
hopefully people will go November 22nd
and see if I sing if you see you trouble
getting people to the movies this one
has some legs Wow you got two big movies
one of them is courts frozen - it opens
November 22nd the week before that go
see sterling in waves November 15th
sterling
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it